Port image chooser widget to use generic chooser JS (#8778)
wagtail/wagtail: docs/releases/4.0.md

The `wagtail.contrib.modeladmin.menus.SubMenu` class should no longer be used for constructing submenus of the admin sidebar menu. Instead, import `wagtail.admin.menu.Menu` and pass the list of menu items as the `items` keyword argument.

### `createSnippetChooser`, `createDocumentChooser` and `createImageChooser` replaced with classes

The internal JavaScript functions `createSnippetChooser`, `createDocumentChooser` and `createImageChooser` used for initialising chooser widgets have been replaced by classes, and user code that calls them needs to be updated accordingly:

* `createSnippetChooser(id)` should be replaced with `new SnippetChooser(id)`
* `createDocumentChooser(id)` should be replaced with `new DocumentChooser(id)`

> * `createImageChooser(id)` should be replaced with `newImageChooser(id)`

Reviewer: Small typo but will fix this up.
```suggestion
* `createImageChooser(id)` should be replaced with `new ImageChooser(id)`
```
